Welcome back. Our next destination in
this exciting journey is the topic of data consumers.
For creating a data strategy,
it is important to understand what data is needed for,
before defining solutions and implementing it.
In this lesson, we will learn who a data consumer is?
We will discuss different types of data stakeholders
within an organization and after that,
we will explore their data use cases.
In the end, we will also learn to identify what data is needed for our use cases,
and whether it is entity based or event based.
Along with that, we will also learn to do entity data modeling.
Along we have talked about data destinations.
Data destination are mostly systems,
or storage devices used by data consumers.
Needs of data consumers define data destinations.
We will briefly touch on the topic of systems or types
of applications while the topic of data storage will be covered later.
So let's make an another exciting adventure to learn about how data is used.